Fix: P5-224 - Changed section name and added a subsection about laser (#129)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/4.Design/HardwareTest.tex

Furthermore, is the framerate irrelevant to a certain degree, depending on the speed of our software, and its capabilities, as long as the camera provides a higher framerate, than the software processes.

To accomodate this, the camera test has been consistent of a manual recording of different USB Web Cameras, and looking at moving targets, frame by frame, to find the one with the least blurry images between movements.

\subsection*{Laser}
The laser is a critical part of the system.
The criteria for the laser is that it should turn on and stay on until told otherwise. 
In order to verify that the laser works according to the criteria, the laser was tested with a controlled current delivered by an external power source.

> To test, the Raspberry Pi and Arduino platforms were used, since both can deliver 5 volts of direct current, which is the required amount for the laser\cite{RaspberryPi}\cite{ArduinoUno}.

Reviewer: Skriv: vi kastede lort efter muren, og kiggede hvad der sad fast.

Furthermore, is the framerate irrelevant to a certain degree, depending on the speed of our software, and its capabilities, as long as the camera provides a higher framerate, than the software processes.

To accomodate this, the camera test has been consistent of a manual recording of different USB Web Cameras, and looking at moving targets, frame by frame, to find the one with the least blurry images between movements.

\subsection*{Laser}
The laser is an essential part of the project and will hence be deemed a critical part of the system.
The criteria for the laser is that when asked to turn on the laser should turn on and continue until told otherwise. 
In order to verify that the laser works according to this criteria the laser was tested with a controlled current delivered by an external power supply based on the  RaspberryPi and Arduino platforms since why can both can deliver 5 Volt of direct current\cite{RaspberryPi}\cite{ArduinoUno}.

> The laser module was latter attached to the LEGO NXT and the laser module operated with the same effect as earlier tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The laser module was soldered to a proprietary Lego wire and plugged into the NXT and the laser module operated with the same effect as the conducted tests. 
This was verified by looking at the laser when pointing at a white wall, as well as at a balloon.
```
